[excel] (ExcelApi 1.12) Adding content for the ExcelApi 1.12 requirement set (#2180)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-errors.md

---
ms.date: 09/15/2020

> description: 'Handle and return errors like #NULL! from your custom function'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Handle and return errors like #NULL! from your custom function.'
```
